--- 
layout: post
title: HICapacity Update
date: 2014-08-18 23:00:00
author: Julie Ann Sakuda
categories: ['announcement']
description: HICapacity will be moving out of the BoxJelly. We are in the process of cleaning out our space and need your help!
---
Hey everyone just a quick update. I'm sure you all are still wondering where our new location will be. We are working on finalizing plans for our new space and will let you when we get the final okay! We are hoping this will be later this week so stay tuned!

We have officially started cleaning out our current space. __We ask that you please come down and retrieve any items you have left at the space.__ If you have a locker please retrieve your items __this week__. If your locker is not cleaned out by next week Monday (August 25th), we will cut the lock and remove anything left inside.

As far as cleaning is going, we have begun to tag some of the larger things in the space. If there is an orange-red dot on the item, it has been flagged to be dumped. If you want something, take it while you can. Anything that is not tagged will be moving with us to the new space (do not take these items unless you have agreed to help us store them).

Right now there are serveral piles around the space:

* The pile closest to the door (under the calendar) is all trash or e-waste. Feel free to pick through this. We will need help transporting anything that is not electronic to the dumpster. Mike has graciously volunteered to dispose of the e-waste for us on the weekend.
* The pile in front of the lockers, on the treadmill desk, is flagged to be dumped (this pile should have orange-red dots). If you want anything from this pile please take it soon. The treadmill desk itself belongs to BoxJelly, do not take this!
* The pile against the wall, behind the 3D printer table, will be taken with us to the new space. There is a cardboard box that says "HICAP" and a few other items there like a shelf. Please do not take anything from this area. We will be moving it with us.
* There is a box overflowing with books in front of the snack area (ask Jesse to point you in the right direction). Feel free to dig through this box and see if you want anything. These books will not be taken with us. We have already selected the ones that will be moved and have placed them in our "HICAP" box.
* There are two piles under the 3D printer table. Please do not touch these. These are for specific people and they will be coming down to retrieve them soon.

__We are also trying to sell our large wood table. We would like to use the funds to buy more functional furniture or other things we need for the new space. If you know of anyone that is interested in making an offer on the table, please get them in touch with either Ed or myself.__

The space will be in a state of disarray until we leave so don't mind the mess! The 3D printer will remain there for now, so feel free to come down and use it. We will try to keep the table area clear so people may continue to use the space.

We will update again when we get final word on our new location! We will also post periodic updates to keep you informed on when the current space will be shutting down and when things are being moved out. If you have any questions feel free to contact us or find us on our Facebook page.