--- 
layout: post
title: HICapacity's last day at MIC is August 31st
date: 2017-08-28 23:00:00
author: Julie Ann Sakuda
categories: ['announcement']
description: HICapacity will be ceasing operations at MIC on August 31st.
---
Hello everyone! I've been posting some updates on Facebook but wanted to get an official release out there. Our last day at MIC will be August 31st. We anticipate that the space will officially reopen at iLab the week of the September 11th. We will be announcing the exact day soon. The gap week in between will be used to setup and organize everything.

We are working hard to purge the current space of trash and e-waste. The majority of the items we have decided to keep have already been moved down to iLab. Most of our larger furniture such as shelving and lockers have been removed. We are trying very hard to have everything out by the end of the month. If you have personal items at the space we ask that you take it before Thursday.

If you still hold a HICapacity key card please make arrangements to turn it in. If you are unable to make it to Manoa please let someone know and we will try to get it from you. Those of you who have access to other suites in MIC may keep your cards.

We are looking to plan a open house for our reopening. It will be open to everyone to come down and check out our new home. Details will be announced in the coming weeks.

We want to thank everyone who has been assisting us in moving and those who are helping us clean out. This is always a process and we are grateful to get all the help we can get.

Smaller updates are occasionally posted on Facebook if you want more details. Thank you all again and we'll be in touch soon!